README.md, before:

# CyberAuth 
CyberAuth is a minecraft plugin for player authorization.
It protects from unauthorized access to the player's account.
CyberAuth prohibits unauthorized users:
- putting and interacting with blocks
- moving around
- using inventory
- hitting players
- writing messages

The plugin also hashes all passwords - this means that no one can find out the user's password.

`For minecraft 1.17.x - 1.18.x`

---
**Commands:**
- login
- register
- change_password
- logout
- removeuser
- reload_cyberauth

Command **login**:
- Usage: `/login <password>`
- Description: This is the login command

Command **register**:
- Usage: `/register <password> <new_password>`
- Description: This is the command to register

Command **change_password**:
- Usage: `/change_password <old_password> <new_password>`
- Description: This is the command to change password

Command **logout**:
- Usage: `/logout`
- Description: This is the command to log out

Command **removeuser**:
- Usage: `/removeuser <username>`
- Description: This command is for deleting a user from the database

Command **reload_cyberauth**:
- Usage: `/reload_cyberauth`
- Description: This command to reload plugin

---
### Example config.yml:
```yml
# password length
min_password_length: 3
max_password_length: 8

# time to log in (time in ticks)
auth_time: 400
# kick the player if you enter the wrong password
kick: true
```
___
### Example messages.yml:
```yml
# {%username%} - the name of the user who joined
# {%server_name%} - server name
# {%min_password_length%} - min password length
# {%min_password_length%} - max password length
# <c > - specifying the color
# <c0> - black
# <c1> - dark blue
# <c2> - dark green
# <c3> - dark aqua
# <c4> - dark red
# <c5> - dark purple
# <c6> - gold
# <c7> - gray
# <c8> - dark gray
# <c9> - blue
# <ca> - green
# <cb> - aqua
# <cc> - red
# <cd> - light purple
# <ce> - yellow
# <cf> - white

welcome: "Welcome, {%username%} to the server!"

login:
  logged_in: "<c2>Successful login!"
  log_in: "<cc>Login, please! Usage: /login <password>"

registration:
  registered: "<c2>You are registered!"
  register_in: "<cc>Register, please! Usage: /register <password> <repeat_password>"

change_password:
  changed: "<c2>Password changed successfully!"

remove_user:
  user_removed: "<ce>{%username%}<cf> was <c4>removed<cf>!"

error:
  logged_in: "<c4>You are already logged in!"
  not_logged_in: "<c4>You are not logged in!"
  registered: "<c4>You are already registered!"
  not_registered: "<c4> You are not registered!"
  arguments: "<c4>You forgot arguments!"
  wrong_password: "<c4>Wrong password!"
  change_password: "<c4>Failed to change password!"
  set_password: "<c4>The password was entered incorrectly!"
  short_password: "<c4>The password is short! The minimum password length is {%min_password_length%}"
  long_password: "<c4>The password is too long! The maximum password length is {%max_password_length%}"
  registration: "<c4>Error during registration!"
  user_not_exist: "<c4>The user by name <ce>{%username%}<c4> does not exist."
  permissions: "<c4>You don't have permissions!"
  timeout: "<c4>Time out!"
```

Commit message:

fixed a bug with the kick "Flights are prohibited on the server" fixed an error of receiving fire damage during registration added aliases to commands such as login, registration and logout update README.md

README.md, after:

# CyberAuth 
CyberAuth is a minecraft plugin for player authorization.
It protects from unauthorized access to the player's account.
CyberAuth prohibits unauthorized users:
- putting and interacting with blocks
- moving around
- using inventory
- hitting players
- writing messages

The plugin also hashes all passwords - this means that no one can find out the user's password. 

`For minecraft 1.17.x - 1.18.x`

---
**Commands:**
- login
- register
- change_password
- logout
- removeuser
- reload_cyberauth

Command **login**:
- Usage: `/login <password>`
- Description: This is the login command
- Aliases: `l`, `log` 

Command **register**:
- Usage: `/register <password> <new_password>`
- Description: This is the command to register
- Aliases: `r`, `reg`

Command **change_password**:
- Usage: `/change_password <old_password> <new_password>`
- Description: This is the command to change password

Command **logout**:
- Usage: `/logout`
- Description: This is the command to log out
- Aliases: `lg`

Command **removeuser**:
- Usage: `/removeuser <username>`
- Description: This command is for deleting a user from the database

Command **reload_cyberauth**:
- Usage: `/reload_cyberauth`
- Description: This command to reload plugin

---
### Example config.yml:
```yml
# password length
min_password_length: 3
max_password_length: 8

# time to log in (time in ticks)
auth_time: 400
# kick the player if you enter the wrong password
kick: true
```
___
### Example messages.yml:
```yml
# {%username%} - the name of the user who joined
# {%server_name%} - server name
# {%min_password_length%} - min password length
# {%min_password_length%} - max password length
# <c > - specifying the color
# <c0> - black
# <c1> - dark blue
# <c2> - dark green
# <c3> - dark aqua
# <c4> - dark red
# <c5> - dark purple
# <c6> - gold
# <c7> - gray
# <c8> - dark gray
# <c9> - blue
# <ca> - green
# <cb> - aqua
# <cc> - red
# <cd> - light purple
# <ce> - yellow
# <cf> - white

welcome: "Welcome, {%username%} to the server!"

login:
  logged_in: "<c2>Successful login!"
  log_in: "<cc>Login, please! Usage: /login <password>"

registration:
  registered: "<c2>You are registered!"
  register_in: "<cc>Register, please! Usage: /register <password> <repeat_password>"

change_password:
  changed: "<c2>Password changed successfully!"

remove_user:
  user_removed: "<ce>{%username%}<cf> was <c4>removed<cf>!"

error:
  logged_in: "<c4>You are already logged in!"
  not_logged_in: "<c4>You are not logged in!"
  registered: "<c4>You are already registered!"
  not_registered: "<c4> You are not registered!"
  arguments: "<c4>You forgot arguments!"
  wrong_password: "<c4>Wrong password!"
  change_password: "<c4>Failed to change password!"
  set_password: "<c4>The password was entered incorrectly!"
  short_password: "<c4>The password is short! The minimum password length is {%min_password_length%}"
  long_password: "<c4>The password is too long! The maximum password length is {%max_password_length%}"
  registration: "<c4>Error during registration!"
  user_not_exist: "<c4>The user by name <ce>{%username%}<c4> does not exist."
  permissions: "<c4>You don't have permissions!"
  timeout: "<c4>Time out!"
```
